All right, my friends, let's build a listener that's going to listen for the order created event.
Whenever we receive this, all we have to do is build up a new order and save it.
So will be pretty straightforward.
Let's go in and get to it right away.
Instead of my payment service, I'll find the CRC directory inside there.
All make a new folder called events and then inside there I'll make another new folder called Listeners.
Now you might recall every time we made a listener we need a new group name and we've been defining
that Q Group name inside of a separate file inside the listeners directory.
Let's do that right now since we know that we're going to need it in a very shortly.
Anyways, the first file I'm going to create inside of listeners is Q Group Name is.
But inside of here we will export a cast of Q.
Group name.
And we'll sign that the string of payments service.
Then inside of listeners will make a new file of order created.
Listener.
That's.
Inside of here.
We're going to make yet another listener.
We've been through this process so many times.
Let's just go through it really quickly.
At the top, we will get our listener base class.
The order created events and the subjects in them from our common module.
I'll also get cue group name.
From the file we just created of Q group name.
Well, then make a class of order created listener that's going to extend our listener base class and
we will feed in the order.
Related event.
We can then define our subject as subjects.
Order created and that should be a colon right there.
And then the actual value for this will be subjects that order created.
Are you?
Group name is Q.
Group name.
And then finally on message.
Let's mark this thing as async.
It's going to receive that data argument that is of type order created event, specifically the data
property.
And then our message, which is a type message and I neglected to import message at the top of the file.
So I will do that right away.
We'll get message from Node that's streaming.
All right.
So now inside of here, well, as you mentioned, all we want to do is extract some information off
this data object, use it to build a new order, and then save that order and then finally act the message
that is it, nothing else.
In order to actually build the order, well, we have to import the order model file we just put together.
So I will import that right away.
From up to directories.
Models order.
And then inside of on message.
I'll create an order with order build.
We'll make sure that we pass through all those different properties that we just said that we would.
So in total, we need the ID, the order version, user ID, price and status.
So it will be data, but ID price will be data.
And remember, this is nested on the ticket property.
So it will be data, ticket price.
Status will be data status.
User ID will be at data user ID.
And our version as well.
Data DOT version.
Yeah.
We built our order.
Now we have to save it.
So in a wait order, save.
And then assuming that went as expected, we can take our message.
So a message.
And that should be it.
So let's say this looks pretty good.
Now, I would, as usual, really like to test this out very quickly.
We're going to make this next video.
We're going to write out a test for this optional.
So if you are really tired with testing, no problem, you can skip over it if you want to.
Otherwise, stick around and we'll go through some testing in the next video very quickly.